Struttin' down the street
That's where we'll.
Meet.
(oo-yeah!)
- (oo-yeah!) -
Checkin' out the scene
with that IIIF beat
Four corners of the globe all coming into view.
One image, one time, showing me and you.
Library lovers, get down with the click.
(uh-huh!) Images so fresh
They'll make you wanna trip
Metadata magic it's cookin' up a storm.
Standardized delight, no need to reform.
IIIF
Bringin' life to the vibe
Come on!
Universal language
Let’s ride the tribe
Zoomin' in and out, We ain't just readin’ text
Visuals so potent. It'll leave you perplexed.
Digitize the moment. It's a visual buffet.
Oh, yeah.
Art and history.
Comin' out to play.
Interoperability
What a joyful ring
Double-tap that image
Got the whole world on a string.
Access for all, No need to stall, Get that high-res flavor
Standing ten feet tall.
Archival dreams They're all in the stream
With IIIF Reality’s a meme
I kept bringing light to survive.
Come on, you children.
So, language.
Let's rock to try.
So read it now.
We just read the text is, you know, so potent it'll leave you perplexed.
Step on the meat stall.
Give that a rest for the steady ten feet tall.
Walk out of the trees.
They're all in the street.
Which I have realities of me.
So far, it's bringing life to the bar.
Come on.
You are the sole language.
Let's.
Right.
Try.
So maybe now we just read sex fiction.
Supposedly you published.
Come on, come on.
Come on.